you know a big part of being a father is
figuring out when your children are
lying to you every kid lies to their
parents so on our father's day we went
out onto Hollywood Boulevard we asked
people to come clean we asked people to
share one lie they told their father and
to make it extra fun we had dad's stand
right there next to it all they did
[Music]
right now confess one lie that you've
told your father he doesn't know mmm
I wrecked my car in high school I didn't
know that confess one lie that you've
told your daddy there was that one time
when I accidentally dropped her
toothbrush in the toilet and I this is
the first time I knew confess one lie
that you told your dad um one time when
Allie and I said we're having a
sleepover we just we went to Chicago
are you kidding me confess one lie that
you told your dad I may have him took
some money from you stole money do you
think stealing is bad confess one lie
that you've told your dad
sure yeah they found $20 on the street
just where did those funny onyx come
from
maybe is Geor wow that's one lie that
you've told your father the first girl
like just with Suzy in second grade but
she's your sister
I know your game of Thrones ma'am no not
a game of Thrones I think you'd like it
yeah what is the biggest lie that you've
ever told your father that I never
smoked weed before that that's a new one
for me
[Music]
hi internet Watchers Jimmy Kimmel here
subscribe to my YouTube channel for all
our latest viral videos and while you're
here don't forget to get in a very
stupid fight in the comments section
okay
[Music]